.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

Welcome, dear friend! We, the rest of the NativeScript community really
appreciate your feedback! While we are doing all we can to take care of every
issue, sometimes we get overwhelmed. Because of that, we will consider issues
that are not constructive or report problems that cannot be reproduced "dead".
In accordance, we will treat feature requests or bug reports with unanswered
questions regarding the behavior/reproduction for more than 20 days "dead". All
"dead" issues will get closed.

## Please, help the others with the details below:

### Did you verify this is a real problem with a search in [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/nativescript)?

### Tell us about the problem
Please, ensure your title is less than 50 characters and starts with a capital
letter. We strive to follow the guidelines in the
[How to Write a Git Commit Message] (http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
article for PR titles.

### Which version of NativeScript did you use (check the 'version' atrribute in the node_modules/tns-core-modules/package.json file)

### Try to recall what were you doing

### Is there code involved? Can you share the minimum of it to get the problem?

Commit message:

Improve questions according to github comments
Improve questions according to the comments in the
[pull request](https://github.com/NativeScript/NativeScript/pull/1582):
Cleaner definition of versions
Typo fix
Platform specification
More precise definition of search places

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

Welcome dear friend! We, the rest of the NativeScript community really
appreciate your feedback! While we are doing all we can to take care of every
issue, sometimes we get overwhelmed. Because of that, we will consider issues
that are not constructive or report problems that cannot be reproduced "dead".
In accordance, we will treat feature requests or bug reports with unanswered
questions regarding the behavior/reproduction for more than 20 days "dead". All
"dead" issues will get closed.

## Please, help the others with the details below:

### Did you verify this is a real problem with a search in
[StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/nativescript)
and the other issues here?

### Tell us about the problem
Please, ensure your title is less than 50 characters and starts with a capital
letter. We strive to follow the guidelines in the
[How to Write a Git Commit Message] (http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
article for PR titles.

### Which platform does it happen on?
iOS/Android/Both

### Which versions of the NativeScript elements did you use?
CLI: (run tns --version to fetch it)
Cross-platform modules: (check the 'version' attribute in the
`node_modules/tns-core-modules/package.json` file in your project)
Runtime: (check the entries in the package.json file of your project)

### Try to recall what were you doing

### Is there code involved? Can you share the minimum of it to get the problem?
